RWO bug (#109)
hpe-storage/scod: docs/csi_driver/using.md

| Access Mode   | Abbreviation | Use Case |
| ------------- | ------------ | -------- |
| ReadWriteOnce | RWO          | For high performance `Pods` where access to the PVC is exclusive to one host at a time. May use either block based storage or the NFS Server Provisioner where connectivity to the data fabric is limited to a few worker nodes in the Kubernetes cluster. |
| ReadWriteMany | RWX          | For shared filesystems where multiple `Pods` in the same `Namespace` need simultaneous access to a PVC across multiple nodes. |
| ReadOnlyMany  | ROX          | Read-only representation of RWX. |

!!! seealso "ReadWriteOnce and access by multiple Pods"

>     `Pods` that require access to the same "ReadWriteOnce" (RWO) PVC needs to reside in the same `Namespace` and have [selectors](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/) or [affinity scheduling rules](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/) applied when deployed. The `Pod` won't start and throw a "Multi-Attach" error in the event log if a `Pod` is already attached to the PVC on a different node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `Pods` that require access to the same "ReadWriteOnce" (RWO) PVC needs to reside on the same node and `Namespace` by using [selectors](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/) or [affinity scheduling rules](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/) applied when deployed. If not configured correctly, the `Pod` will fail to start and will throw a "Multi-Attach" error in the event log if the PVC is already attached to a `Pod` that has been scheduled on a different node within the cluster.
```
